 1. What is Semantic HTML? is the correct use of html to give meaning and structure to a web page
    2. What is HTML used for? it is used to give structure to a web page. Its the skeleton
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? modifies or adds meaning to an element type 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? its used for the main title or the heading on a website and it should only be used once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes a, img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <head>
    7. What is an id? attribute used to point to a style in a style sheet 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? h1, p
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? used to specify a class for an HTML element  
    11. What elements can I add a class to? div, span, h1, p
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? many times as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? anchor the element with href, then set the target attribute to _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? to add a description to an image
    15. How do I reference an id? # followed by the id name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? semantic meaning, a section tag creates independent sections within a page, a div is an empty container specifying a division or section
    17. What is CSS used for? to give style and design to a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. Id is only used to identify one single element. A class can be used to identify more than one html element. 
#header{
background-color:white; 
color:black
}
.city{
color:white
}
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with the .class selector
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human {}


    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? its used to match elements that are direct children of other elements. it more precise.
useful when you want to style a specific element in a body. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? <div class="sidebar">
    24. What is a pseudo selector?its a selector that selects elements that are in a spcecific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:uppercase, text-transform:lowercase, text-transform:capitalize; 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
div{
border:1px dotted black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? with *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm, once erased cannot get it back
    34. Why should I use version control? it helps track and identify changes
    35. How often should I commit to github? whenever you finish a step
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 1. fork the repo on Github. 2. clone in vs code 3. branch in vs code 4. make changes and add files 5. commit changes in vs code 6. push your commit to github in vs code 7. pull to the main branch in github

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? a block level element will always create a new line after the closing tag, an inline element will not. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? it makes the element sit on its own layer separate from everything else.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
block : div, h1, p. Inline : span, a, img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

